migrate vwii modding guide to wii hacks guide (#52)
hacks-guide/Guide_Wii: _pages/en_US/bricks.md

Preventing a brick involves many rules that range between common sense and fail-safe backups. Here are the general recommendations of what not to do:

+ **Do NOT follow old modding tutorials, use old homebrew, or use video guides on the Internet unless it is EXPLICITLY RECOMMENDED by the homebrew developer.**
+ **Do NOT, under ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, USE THE HOMEBREW APP `Pimp My Wii`. It is DANGEROUS and does things that have the ability to BRICK YOUR CONSOLE!**
+ **Do NOT install IOS packs such as DARKCORP that overwrite most of your IOS with cIOS. It is DANGEROUS and heavily outdated.**
+ **Do NOT restore NAND backups from other consoles!**

> + **Do NOT Do NOT intall any IOS that isnt meant for your system** (example: Wii IOS on Wii mini)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ **Do NOT install any IOS that isn't meant for your system** (example: Wii IOS on Wii mini)
```
